# Final Project
## Caroline Gancarz

1. Honestly this was hands down my favorite class I've taken at UM. I was only this year diagnosed with ADHD as and adult and found this class to be extremely therapeutic. I can look at code, understand what it's trying to accomplish and troubleshoot ways around blocks to get what I want. Granted, I did struggle a bit with managing deadlines in this course, but it is mostly due to wanting my pages to be EXACTLY how I envision them. I ran out of potato ideas for this last project that seemed worthy and wanted to try out new elements that were not found on previous assignments, so I took the long road in starting from scratch for the final. Sorry again for late submissions - it's still a struggle of mine to manage time wisely and keep others in the loop. Again Justine, thank you for all your help this semester - I cannot wait to continue learning web design thanks to your guidance and enthusiasm.
2. I learned that this is honestly what I would like to do moving forward. Everything about web design clicks for me and makes me want to dive in and keep learning.
3. My work cycle was much more straightforward albeit long - I wrote almost 90% of the elements by hand and chose to incorporate elements that I did not use on previous pages just to get further exposure to things I was not 100% comfortable with. Although this page aesthetically turned out simply okay in my opinion, I am happy with the styling and positioning elements I was able to utilize and practice with. This time I made SURE to keep up with my Github as to not run into any more problems.
