# Assignment 10
## Caroline Gancarz

1. System fonts are preinstalled on a person's computer. Not everyone has access to system fonts because it depends on the computer being used and what it has immediate access to (without the internet.) Web fonts are found via the world wide web. They have been created and distributed to those who have internet access. They can be incorporated and used on a computer if a person has access to the internet. Web-safe fonts are essentially fonts that are commonly used - especially important to know the common ones as these are most likely available on most computers and to most people (e.g. Arial, Times, Courier, etc).
2. Fallback fonts are important because an error in information input would make the wanted font unable to be used. Fallbacks ensure that a similar font family is available and although the wanted font may not be displayed, a similar aesthetic class of font may be used in its place. Errors happen in web design!!!! Going back is the hard part, so fallback fonts are a nice safety net.
3. This assignment I found challenging - which is why I had to take extra time to get it looking as I envisioned (somewhat). Styling fonts with specific effects makes the remainder of the page difficult to quickly fix. I learned REAL QUICK to command+S on my computer and refresh my workpage to assess my project. Spacing, especially with varying font sizes, was also difficult for someone who (specifically, me) is very critical of their work. I spent a lot of time thinking I made progress, only to refresh my page and realize somewhere in the last 15+ steps I made a mistake - very frustrating. It was EXTREMELY rewarding, however, to get somewhat of the look I was going for. I wanted to spend more time on this and add more elements like audio, but this overall just took way too long... Fonts are cool to utilize but not my favorite to work with! I think I'll stick to the basics 😂
