# Assignment 09
## Caroline Gancarz

1. The universal selector is indicated by an asterisk and is used to select all elements in a document or inside a parent element. The element selector is used to signify HTML elements with broad commands. This is useful in, for instance, making an entire page one color with no additional elements. The class selector is used to highlight all document elements with a class assigned to it. This is useful when wanting (still broad) elements in specified classes. id selectors are signified by using a pound sign in the same way as a class selector, but more specific. An id selector can only be used once per document so each id must be specific.
2. My color palette was inspired by the 1950s. I chose the background to display the main colors of focus, the hover feature of the recipes to "pop" color upon display, and the main title box as my showcase in text styling, color shadowing, and overlay. The colors I used for this page were #DFB859 (RGB	223	184	89), #C9DCAF (RGB	201, 220, 175), #366384 (RGB	54, 99, 132) and Khaki #C2B28F (RGB 194, 178, 143). I also used grayscale as an image hover element to signify the 50s, but it is technically not a color! :)
3. This assignment was much easier than the previous assignment. I had a lot less to do in terms of linking additional pages to my main index.html as well as less to do as far as formatting for style. I wanted to keep the background similar to what I did for the last assignment but also with a minimalist aesthetic. This round I borrowed old elements I used from the last assignment and tweaked them to fit my vision. I mostly used them as reference points but enjoyed using similar layouts and transboxes. I had trouble verifying whether my autoplay setting from the youtube video was working when using a local file, but it definitely works on the live site so overall I am happy.
